Add install location instructions for manual installation (#489)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Getting-Started.md

nix run --impure github:guibou/nixGL -- ./results/bin/niri
```

### Packaging

> The recommended way to package niri  is to have niri run as a standalone desktop
> session. To do that, put files into the correct directories according to this table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to package niri is so that it runs as a standalone desktop session.
To do that, put files into the correct directories according to this table.
```

| File | Destination |
| ---- | ----------- |

> | `target/release/niri` | `/usr/bin/` | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `target/release/niri` | `/usr/bin/` |
```

Doing this will make niri appear in GDM and other display managers.

### Manual Installation

> If installing directly without a package, the recommended file destinations area
> slightly different. In this case, put the files in the directories indicated in 
> the table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If installing directly without a package, the recommended file destinations are slightly different.
In this case, put the files in the directories indicated in the table below.
These may vary depending on your distribution.
```

| File | Destination |
| ---- | ----------- |
| `target/release/niri` | `/usr/local/bin/` |
| `resources/niri-session` | `/usr/local/bin/` |
| `resources/niri.desktop`  | `/usr/local/share/wayland-sessions/` |
| `resources/niri-portals.conf` | `/usr/local/share/xdg-desktop-portal/` |

> | `resources/niri.service` | `/usr/lib/systemd/user/` |`/etc/systemd/user/` |
> | `resources/niri-shutdown.target` | `/usr/lib/systemd/user/` |`/etc/systemd/user/` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resources/niri.service` |`/etc/systemd/user/` |
| `resources/niri-shutdown.target` | `/etc/systemd/user/` |
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Oops, that was sloppy of me.
